# Documentation for Tooltip component

A tooltip is a small pop-up box that appears when a user moves the mouse pointer over an element. Tooltips usually show hint or additional information about the element.

# Usage

You can create a `<zs-tooltip>` tag and specify `id` of the element for which tooltip is to be shown in `[for]` attribute.

```HTML
<p>ut vehicula <b id="general-tag">lectus massa at purus</b>. Pellentesque dapibus</p>

<zs-tooltip for="general-tag" offset-y="10">
    <zs-tooltip-content>
        Lorem ipsum dolor   
    </zs-tooltip-content>
</zs-tooltip>
```

# Examples

Visit our demo [page](https://ui.zsservices.com/demo/zsui/tooltipElement.html) to see live examples and detailed usage. 

# API

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## tooltip

Tooltips are UIs dedicated to showing hint or additional information of element

### events

### cleanUp

Clean up element, usually before render

Returns **zs.tooltip** 

### show

Show tooltip

Returns **zs.tooltip** 

### hide

Hide tooltip

Returns **zs.tooltip** 

### setContent

Sets content of tooltip

#### Parameters

-   `content` **[String][1]** 

Returns **zs.tooltip** 

### getContent

Returns current content

Returns **[String][1]** 

### destroy

Destroy tooltip

Returns **zs.tooltip** 

### render

Render this element

Returns **zs.tooltip** 

## animate-show-with-duration

Descibes should tooltip be shown with animation and if so how long this animation should take. 
Default is 0, no animation (shown immidiately)

## animate-hide-with-duration

Descibes should tooltip be hidden with animation and if so how long this animation should take. 
Default is 0, no animation (hidden immidiately)

## arrow-position

Defines position of arrow. 

'auto' - zs.tooltip will try to find the best position for arrow
'bottom' - arrow will be placed on the bottom of the tooltip
'top' - arrow will be placed on the top of the tooltip
'left' - arrow will be placed on the left side of the tooltip
'right' - arrow will be placed on the left side of the tooltip

Default is 'auto'

## for

Defines id of element to which tooltip is anchored. 
If this is not specified or element wans't found by selector, parent element is considered as anchor

Default is ''

### Properties

-   `for` **[String][1]?** 

## mode

Defines mode of tooltip. In 'manual' mode tooltip won't be shown/hidden automatically.

Default is 'auto'

### Properties

-   `mode` **[Number][2]?** 

## norender

Defines of tooltip should be (false) or not (true) rendered on attach

Default is false (will be rendered on attach)

### Properties

-   `norender` **[Boolean][3]?** 

### Examples

```javascript
<zs-tooltip id="misc-norender-tooltip" offset-y="10" norender="true">Lorem ipsum dolor</zs-tooltip>
```

## offset-x

Offset from anchored element in X dimension

Default is 0

### Properties

-   `offset-x` **[Number][2]?** 

## offset-y

Offset from anchored element in Y dimension

Default is 0

### Properties

-   `offset-y` **[Number][2]?** 

## position

Defines position of tooltip relatively to anchor. 

'auto' - zs.tooltip will try to find the best position for tooltip
'bottom' - tooltip will be placed on the bottom of the anchor
'top' - tooltip will be placed on the top of the anchor
'left' - tooltip will be placed on the left side of the anchor
'right' - tooltip will be placed on the left side of the anchor

Default is 'bottom'

### Properties

-   `position` **[String][1]?** 

## anchor

Reference to anchor HTMLElement. Readonly

Default is null

### Properties

-   `anchor` **[HTMLElement][4]?** 

## isHidden

Is element hidden now?

### Properties

-   `isHidden` **[Boolean][3]?** 

## updateRect

Browser tries to optimize size of the element
In some cases changing of the position of element will affect this optimization
Sometimes it causes side affects (like continues "moving" of tooltip with every new showing)
To prevent that let set a fixed width

## tooltipElement

**Extends HTMLElement, zs.tooltip**

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[4]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element
